feat: Installing che on EKS (#2828)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/configuring-environment-variables-for-amazon-elastic-kubernetes-service.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// installing-{prod-id-short}-on-amazon-elastic-kubernetes-service

[id="configuring-environment-variables-for-amazon-elastic-kubernetes-service"]
= Configuring environment variables for {eks-short}

Follow these instructions to define environment variables and update your `kubeconfig` to connect to {eks-short}.

.Prerequisites

* Amazon EKS cluster. See: link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/create-cluster.html[Create an Amazon EKS cluster]

.Procedure

. Find the AWS account ID:
+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=$(aws sts get-caller-identity --query "Account" --output text)
----

. Define the cluster name:
+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
CHE_EKS_CLUSTER_NAME=che
----

. Define the region:
+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
CHE_EKS_CLUSTER_REGION=eu-central-1
----

. Update `kubeconfig`:
+
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
aws eks update-kubeconfig --region $CHE_EKS_CLUSTER_REGION --name $CHE_EKS_CLUSTER_NAME
----

> . Ensure that you have default storage class set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make sure that you have the default storage class set:
```
